<!--
Copyright (c) 2024 RapidStream Design Automation, Inc. and contributors.  All rights reserved.
The contributor(s) of this file has/have agreed to the RapidStream Contributor License Agreement.
-->

RapidStream Cookbook
====================

RapidStream is an agile and efficient development flow for modern FPGAs. RapidStream Cookbook is a collection of Python script templates and tutorials to help you learn how to optimize your FPGA designs using RapidStream's Python-defined flows.

Requirements
------------

You must have RapidStream installed, a valid RapidStream license, and a valid Vivado Design Suite license to download or run the cookbooks. If you are an academic researcher or would like to contribute to this cookbook, please contact us at https://rapidstream-da.com/ for a free RapidStream license.

All RapidStream Python scripts (`*.py`) in this cookbook should be executed using the `rapidstream` command. For example, to run `getting_started/mixed_sources/run.py`, use the following command:

```bash
rapidstream getting_started/mixed_sources/run.py
```

Contributing
------------

### Tests

All tests and `pre-commit` checks shall pass before committing to the repository.

Before making the first commit, install `pre-commit` for Git by running the following commands:

```bash
pip install pre-commit
pre-commit install
```

### Editors

Visual Studio Code users could configure to use RapidStream as the Python interpreter, run:

```bash
which rapidstream
```

Then enter the output into the Command Palette (⇧⌘P on macOS, or Shift-Ctrl-P on other platforms): `Python: Select Interpreter > Enter interpreter path....`.

Licensing
---------

The RapidStream Cookbook is an open source project managed by RapidStream Design Automation, Inc., who is authorized by the contributors to license the software under the MIT license.

The repository includes some data files generated by the Vivado Design Suite that are copyrighted by Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), Inc. These files are provided for informational purposes only and are subject to AMD's licensing terms and conditions. The MIT open-source license of this repository does not apply to the these copyrighted files, and AMD's licensing terms and conditions solely govern the use of these copyrighted files. By accessing or using these copyrighted files in this repository, you acknowledge that you have a valid AMD Vivado license and agree to comply with all applicable licensing terms and conditions. The repository maintainers make no representations or warranties regarding these copyrighted files and shall not be held liable for any issues arising from their use. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with AMD's licensing terms and conditions. For more information about AMD's licensing terms and conditions, please refer to the AMD website or contact AMD directly. By using this repository, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the repository maintainers from any claims, damages, or liabilities arising from your use of the AMD copyrighted files.

Contributor License Agreement (CLA)
-----------------------------------

By contributing to this open-source repository, you agree to the RapidStream Contributor License Agreement.

Under this agreement, you grant to RapidStream Design Automation, Inc. and to recipients of software distributed by RapidStream a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute your contributions and such derivative works. You also grant to RapidStream Design Automation, Inc. and to recipients of software distributed by RapidStream a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the work,

Please note that this is a summary of the licensing terms, and the full text of the [MIT](LICENSE) and the [RapidStream Contributor License Agreement](CLA.md) should be consulted for detailed legal information.


-----

Copyright (c) 2024 RapidStream Design Automation, Inc. and contributors.  All rights reserved.
